docs: predicate and script deploys (#3266)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/scripts/deploying-scripts.md

# Deploying Scripts

In order to optimize the cost of your recurring script executions, we recommend first deploying your script. This can be done using the [Fuels CLI](../fuels-cli/index.md) and running the [deploy command](../fuels-cli/commands#fuels-deploy).

> By deploying the script, it's bytecode is stored on chain as a blob. The SDK will then produce bytecode that can load the blob on demand that can execute the script. This far reduces the repeat execution cost of the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By deploying the script, its bytecode is stored on chain as a blob. The SDK will then produce bytecode that can load the blob on demand to execute the original script. This far reduces the repeat execution cost of the script.
```

## How to Deploy a Script

> To deploy a script, we can use the [Fuels CLI](../fuels-cli/index.md) and execute the [deploy command](../fuels-cli/commands#fuels-deploy).

Reviewer 2: I think we should had relevant docs in the `fuels-deploy` command. Same as what we did with proxy.

This will perform the following actions:

> 1. Compile the script using your `forc` version
> 1. Deploys the built script binary to the chain as a blob
> 1. Generates a script that loads the blob that can be used to execute the script
> 1. Generates types for both the script and the loader that you can use in your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Compile the script using your `forc` version
1. Deploy the built script binary to the chain as a blob
1. Generate a script that loads the blob that can be used to execute the script
1. Generate types for both the script and the loader that you can use in your application
```
